Add deprecation about camelized engine names (#133)
ember-engines/ember-engines.com: tests/dummy/app/templates/docs/deprecations.md

  }
}
```

### § Camelized engine names in Engine Config

**until**: 0.9.0

**id**: ember-engines.deprecation-camelized-engine-names

> In host application's we're asked to build out engine configurations using camelized package names.
> This is error prune and awkward - especially for scoped packages. Awkward because our packages already have names used by npm/Yarn/pnpm, e.g. "my-blog", or "my-super-awesome-engine"
> whereas ember-engines asked us to introduce camelization rules and use "myBlog" or "mySuperAwesomeEngine".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the host application, we're asked to build out engine configurations using camel cases for package names.
This is error-prone and awkward - especially for scoped packages. Awkward because our packages already have names used by npm/Yarn/pnpm, e.g. "my-blog", or `my-super-awesome-engine`
whereas ember-engines asked us to introduce camel case rules and use `myBlog` or `mySuperAwesomeEngine`.
```

Author: @villander thank you! now applied
